Add AzFunctions to ADOPTERS.md (#11311)
PowerShell/PowerShell: ADOPTERS.md

* [Azure Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/) provides a batteries-included browser-based PowerShell environment used by Azure administrators to manage their environment.
  It includes up-to-date PowerShell modules for `Azure`, `AzureAD`, `Exchange`, `Teams`, and many more.
  More information about Azure Cloud Shell is available at [Azure Cloud Shell Overview.](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cloud-shell/overview)

> * [Azure Functions - PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-powershell-worker) is a serveless compute service to execute PowerShell scripts in the cloud without worrying about managing resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Azure Functions - PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-powershell-worker) is a serverless compute service to execute PowerShell scripts in the cloud without worrying about managing resources.
```

Author: Thanks @SteveL-MSFT!

Author: Is the build failing because the repo name contains `powershell` in lower case?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12720858/70580931-4cf79a00-1b6a-11ea-9022-9f841bb39e14.png)

* [PowerShell Universal Dashboard](https://ironmansoftware.com/powershell-universal-dashboard) is a cross-platform web framework for PowerShell. 
  It provides the ability to create robust, interactive websites, REST APIs, and Electron-based desktop apps with PowerShell script. 
  More information about PowerShell Universal Dashboard is available at the [PowerShell Universal Dashboard Docs](https://docs.universaldashboard.io).

> * [Azure Functions - PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-powershell-worker) is a service to execute (PowerShell) code or "functions" in the cloud without worrying about compute allocation. In addition, Azure Functions provides client tools such as the [Az.Functions](https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/tree/generation/src/Functions) (a cross-platform PowerShell module) to manage function apps and service plans in the cloud. For more information about Functions, please visit [functions overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-overview). 

Reviewer 2: Please keep the file in ABC sorted format.

Reviewer: Yes, please keep new additions in ABC order.

> * [Azure Functions - PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-powershell-worker) is a service to execute (PowerShell) code or "functions" in the cloud without worrying about compute allocation. In addition, Azure Functions provides client tools such as the [Az.Functions](https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/tree/generation/src/Functions) (a cross-platform PowerShell module) to manage function apps and service plans in the cloud. For more information about Functions, please visit [functions overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-overview). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Azure Functions - PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-powershell-worker) is a service to execute PowerShell script in the cloud without worrying about managing compute resources (known as serverless).
  In addition, Azure Functions provides client tools such as the [`Az.Functions`](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Functions) (a cross-platform PowerShell module) to manage function apps and service plans in the cloud.
  For more information about Functions, please visit [functions overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-overview). 
```
